leftovers, keyboard clicks, filesys activities, nw activities, reg changes

Format of Google Chrome history

Bookmarks
Chrome Bookmarks are stored in the 'Bookmarks' JSON file.

Cache
Chrome Cache is stored using an Index file ('index'), a number of Data Block files ('data_#'), 
and a number of separate data files ('f_######').

Cookies
Chrome Cookies are stored in the 'Cookies' SQLite database (located in the Network folder), 
within the 'cookies' table.

Downloads
Chrome Downloads are stored in the 'History' SQLite database, within the 'downloads' and 'downloads_url_chains' 
tables.

Favicons
Chrome Favicons are stored in the 'Favicons' SQLite database, within the 'favicons', 'favicon_bitmaps' and 
'icon_mapping' tables. Older versions of Chrome stored Favicons in a 'Thumbnails' SQLite database, within 
the 'favicons' table.

Form History
Chrome Form History is stored in the 'Web Data' SQLite database, within the 'autofill' table. Older versions 
of Chrome stored associated dates within an 'autofill_dates' table.

Logins
Chrome Logins are stored in the 'Login Data' SQLite database, within the 'logins' table. Older versions of 
Chrome stored Logins in the 'Web Data' SQLite database.

Searches
Chrome Searches are stored in the 'History' SQLite database, within the 'keyword_search_terms' table. 
Associated URL information is stored within the 'urls' table.

Session Data
Chrome Session Data is stored in the 'Sessions' folder within the 'Session' and 'Tabs' files.

Thumbnails
Chrome Thumbnails are stored in the 'Top Sites' SQLite database, within the 'thumbnails' table. 
Older versions of Chrome stored Thumbnails in a 'Thumbnails' SQLite database, within the 'thumbnails' table.

Website Visits
Chrome Website Visits are stored in the 'History' SQLite database, within the 'visits' table. 
Associated URL information is stored within the 'urls' table. Older versions of Chrome stored archived 
Website Visits in a separate 'Archived History' SQLite database, within the 'visits' table.